### Most Frequent Categories for our Chosen Movies 

Of the 213 articles related to our 5 chosen movies, there was a variation between the number of articles that fell under each categories from our typology. Certain categories  had significantly more articles than others and led to the TF_IDF score axes being different between graphs. The most common category was Streaming Information with 59 articles or 27.7% being under this classification. Following this was Reviews with 58 articles or 27.2%, Upcoming Movie Announcements with 36 or 16.9%, Actor Insights with 28 or 13.1%, Behind the Scenes with 21 or 9.9%, and Box Office with the least at only 11 articles or 5.2% coverage.

### The Substance (What aspect of the Substance is the main focus)
Of the 87 articles covering our key movie The Substance, there is a pretty wide distribution of articles among all the categories. 28 (or 32.2%) of all articles are about reviewing the plot and narrative of the film, followed by 24 articles (or 27.6%) focusing on Actor’s insights, 22 articles (or 25.3%) focusing on streaming information, 11 articles (or 12.6%) on behind the scenes, 2 articles (or 0.3%) on Box office earnings, and 0 articles (0%) relating to upcoming movie announcements. As a result of its vast category coverage with sufficient articles under most categories, The Substance plays quite a big role in TF_IDF scores. Firstly, in terms of Reviews, it again accounts for 28 of 58 review articles or 48.2% and has the largest impact on this category. Consequently, terms like "Demi", "Moore", and "Horror" are among the top 6 words with the highest TF_IDF scores. Secondly, it covers 24 of 28 Actor Insight Articles or (85.7%) meaning The Substance articles have a huge impact on the unique and relevancy of words, with "Demi", "Moore", "Premiere", "Paris", being the most common words as it refers to the actress's appearance in a red carpet event. Thirdly, it accounts for 22 of the 59 (37.2%) articles regarding Streaming Information resulting the prevalence of words like "Demi" and "Moore" among the top 20 words. Fourthly, with 11 of the 21 Behind the Scenes articles being about The Substance its not surprising it has an impact, resulting in "Demi" and "Moore" once again but also "director", "festival", and "pulls" these being about the recent withdrawal of the movie from a film festival over controversies. Although it has minimal to no impact in the Box Office and Upcoming Movie Announcement scores.


### Speak No Evil

Speak no Evil was the movie with the least coverage out of our 5 chosen movies, with only 8 articles out of our dataset addressing the film. Out of these 8 articles, 6 of them were related to Streaming Information (75%), while the other 2 were about reviews for the film (25%), with 0 article coverage in any other category. Additionally, due to its very low article frequency, Speak No Evil features had minimal impact on the TF_IDF scores in our graphs. However, this is not to say that there is none, as since 6 of the articles related to the movie speak about how to stream it, it boosted the score for the words Streaming, Horror, and Thriller since those words directly relate to the film.

### Venom 3

Although Venom 3 had the second least coverage amongst our 5 chosen movies, it also accounts for the majority of Box Office articles in our dataset. Only covering by 13 articles total, 5 of which are Reviews of the movie (38.5%) and the other 8 being Box Office information (61.5%), it can be easy to assume Venom 3 has little impact on our TF_IDF scores, but, this is very much not the case. This is because, out of the 11 articles under the Box Office category, Venom 3 accounts for 8 of them. As a result, key words like "Dance", "Weekend", "Stings", and "Milestone" all address Venom 3's successes or failures at the box offices during different time periods. While on the other hand, with only 5 of the 58 review articles being about this film, there is little impact it has on the TF_IDF score for that category. 

### Smile 2

Of the 30 articles related to "Smile 2", there was a notable emphasis on streaming information, which accounted for the majority of articles (13/30 or 43.3%). Not just "Smile 2", but articles from other selected movies also fall under the Streaming Information category. This implies a strong interest from the audience in watching the movie on digital platforms. Among the Streaming Information category overall, it accounts for 13 of 59 articles and has somewhat of an impact, resulting in the commonality of key words like: "minutes" which refers to the fact that you can watch the first 7 minutes of the Smile Movie trailer online. Its next highest category Reviews covers 7 articles or 23.4% of total Smile 2 articles. Though compared to the total number of Review category articles of 58 it had minimal impact. This can also be said about the remaining categories with only 3 articles in Behind the Scenes and 3 articles in Upcoming Movie Announcements. However, Smile 2 does have a lot of relevance in the Actor Insights category as even though it only accounts for 4 of the 28 articles, the words "Naomi" and "Scott" can be seen in the top 6 words, this being the name of the lead actress. 

### Alien Romulus

"Alien Romulus" stood out as a significant presence in our dataset with 75 articles about the film. 33 articles (44%) were about Upcoming Movie Announcements, 18 articles (24%) were about Streaming Information, 16 articles (21.3%) addressed Reviews on the movie and its plot, 7 articles (9.3%) were about Behind the Scenes, only 1 article (1.4%) about Box Office information, and none (0%) on Actor Insights.To keep our dataset organized and inclusive, all articles that fall under Alien Romulus, not only refer to the one specific movie but also anything related to the larger franchise. These include future sequels or installments like Alien Romulus 2, Alien vs Predator 2, Ridley Scott's new Alien Sequel, Alien Covenant 2, and the new Alien: Earth TV series. As a result out of the 75 Alien Romulus articles, only 26 (or 34.7%) of them are directly addressing the movie itself, while the other 49 (65.3%) are about the larger franchise. 

As for the movie/franchise's impact on TF_IDF scores, it has minimal or no impact on Box Office and Actor Insights with only 1 (1.4%) and 0 (0%) articles respectively. However, it does have a large impact on the other categories. Firstly for Upcoming Movie Announcements, Alien Romulus covers 33 of the 36 articles in this category (91.7%) leading key words like "sequel", "ridley", "scott", "predator", "earth" popping up as a result of future projects that are coming within the franchise. Secondly, for Streaming Information covering 18 of the 59 total articles (30.5%), words like "revealed" and "hulu" are directly related to the Alien, referring to Romulus's presence on the Hulu streaming site, and the reveal of upcoming Alien projects. Thirdly, with 16 of the 58 (27.6%) review articles being here, words like "xenomorph" and "scott" can be seen relating to the name of the alien and the name of director respectively. Finally, for Behind the Scene with 7 of 21 articles in this category (33.3%), words like "scott", "ridley", and "franchises" can be seen in the top 20 words, referring actions of the Alien's creator. 
